---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/1-dialogue/0-prologue/"}
---

Remilia is sitting tranquilly on the roof of her mansion having tea with Sakuya.
"I'm so bored these days," Remilia sighs. The Scarlet Devil, owner of the famous Mansion, has lived for a long time now. Her curiosity has lately been rising and she's worrying about her little sister.
"I wonder how Flan must feel shutting herself in down there forever. Ever since Yukari brought her that portable device from the Outside, her brain must be beyond rotting with those short videos she always scrolls. What do the humans call it again... brain-rot?"
"I believe so, Milady," Sakuya nods.
"The experience of living so long should make us geniuses, but if we spend our days rotting away here it'd be all for nothing."
Remilia sips from her cup.

Suddenly, a fluttering black-winged girl appears in the sky holding newspapers.
Sakuya notices her and points her out to her master.
"Milady, it appears Aya is here with the papers again. Would you like one or do I take care of her?"
"Old-Hell Yeah I want to read the newest drama!", she says excitedly.
Sakuya signals to the crow paper girl to accept the newspaper and hands it to her.
With a cup to her mouth, Remilia glances at the paper, "Let's see what fate has in store now."
**BFFFFFFFFFTTT-**
She spit-takes from her cup.
Slightly annoyed with the mess she made, Sakuya cleans it off.
"It says here that they want to make a new school for youkai due to the decline in intelligence these days. This is perfect! Flan could use a bit of education. What if I let them use our mansion?"
"Are you sure you want that?", her maid asks, concerned.
"Why not? Even with all the cleaning you do that I fondly appreciate, this mansion might as well be collecting dust seeing how few people use it."
"I see Milady, understood. I'll go phone the number on the paper right away."

The maid fetches the nearest rotary phone[^1], picks it up and dials the number.
**プ ププ プププ ププ** (Boop x8)
**ピルルルルル**... (Ringing...)
"Good Evening, this is the Scarlet Residence, Maid speaking in behalf of Lady Scarlet. We would humbly like to accept your offer on the newspaper to accomodate for the new Gensokyan educational institute."
The person on the other end of the line gasps in surprise.
"Really? The Mistress of the Scarlet Devil Mansion herself? That would be wonderful, alright then. We cannot thank you enough."
"The pleasure is all ours."
"Okay, we'll be there tomorrow at noon to see what we could do. See you then."
"Good Evening to you."
**パチン!** (Ka-chink!)[^2]

[^1]: Nitori-powered. Its wire is looped with a bit of hearts, and the center circle looks like a Koishi eye

[^2]: Sound of putting the phone back into the rotary phone

[[1. Dialogue/1. First Day\|Next]]