---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/1-dialogue/1-first-day/"}
---

##### Self-introduction
You've been living in the Human Village for as long as you remember. Being the distant cousin of the world-famous Hakurei shrine maiden Reimu who keeps the Great Barrier standing, you've earned yourself quite the reputation in the village. While personally you don't like the excess fame, you can't be gladder for having easily been promoted to an explorer magician. You've always been curious about the whats and hows of this fantastical realm after all, being the nerdy type in human middle school.

"What power do I possess?" is a question that's always been boggling you.

It's been only a few months since you've moved in the Forest of Magic now, where your neighbour and mentor Marisa shows you the ropes of the arcane. It just so happens that the much feared vampire mistress Remilia yonder has softened up to the Gensokyans and has offered a big part of her mansion to an educational institute and you were able to enroll for it.

***
##### Rise and shine late, toast in mouth and fateful bump
It's the first day of school at Scarlet High, a magician-youkai academy in the Scarlet Devil Mansion newly made by Remilia. The air is filled with the promise of a youthful high school life, and with the hopes of gaining more knowledge along the way about the mysteries of this land.

You wake up and look at the time on your Nitori-powered clock.
(Oh Shii-zuha autumn goddess[^1], I overslept!)
You rush to wear your clothes, bite a piece of toast and head off.

You take the path out of the Forest of Magic and make a run for it.
But suddenly...
**バッタン!!** (BUMP!!)
You bump into a girl wearing pastel Lolita attire, accompanied by another younger girl wearing likewise with a stylish hat.
"Ow.."
"Sorry, are you okay?", you apologise.
"Please watch where you're going, human," she calmly warned.
That other girl looks at you curiously.
"Sorry," you reply again and then keep running.
(I dunno if my mind was playing tricks or not but I could've sworn that I heard a little giggle from that other younger girl as we parted...)

***
##### Entrance
Still thinking about that girl you just bumped into throughout your walk, you finally reach the school gate.
A muscular red-haired Chinese woman stands against the wall of the school gate, with her head facing downwards as if she's about to doze off. As you approach the gate she suddenly raises her head,
"(*yawn*) Good Meilin- Morning, late are we?"
"Ah, sorry, I slept a bit too much, 'morning."
"That's fine, young (man/Miss). A lil' sleep don't hurt anybody (*chuckles*). Good day to you!"

Feeling a bit better about your lateness, you pass through the hallway and trot to class.
(Alright, second classroom on the right of the ground floor, this should be it.)
"OK, be of good cheer now!"[^2], you tell yourself as you walk into the classroom.
The students who got here earlier are standing against desks, chatting with each other.
Many colourful heads shift their focus towards you.

You and Reimu awkwardly exchange waves. Then Marisa and Alice next to her follow, waving at you as well.
You approach the people you already know.
"Long time no see, Reimu!" You bow slightly and she does the same.
"Ah, long time. How's your training been going? I hope it didn't take away your sleep and made you late."
"Oh, it's not like that, don't worry. I just happened to oversleep somehow. Thanks to Marisa here, I've picked up on the basic magical concepts, so I can't wait to learn more this semester."
Marisa gestures to you the "Not at all" sign:
"Oh, don't mention it! I'm delighted to have a fellow magic user in town, ze."
Alice: "Don't hesitate to ask for help, we're your neighbours after all. Even if you just want some tea (*smiles*)"
"Aw, thanks guys. Let's hope for a good school year!"
"Yeah, let's!" Marisa agrees.

**ビョーン!** (Boing!)
A familiar green-haired girl wearing a black and yellow hat suddenly jumps with glee in your face,
"Hewo, hewo! Aren't ya that (guy/girl) I saw on the way to school! Nice to meet ya :DDD"
She shakes your hand almost aggressively.
"Uhh hi-"
Before she lets you say a word, she says,
"I'm Koishi, Koishi Komeiji. Welcome to Scarlet High! You must be new here. Me and the mansion owner's little sister are good frens by the way :3."
She points with both hands at the yellow-haired girl beside her.
**ボッ!** (Whoosh!)
Flames ignite in this girl's eyes[^3] for a second, as if their collective excitement is manifesting.
"Yahoo, new toy in the Happy Meal?[^4] Flandre's the name, but you can call me Flan, hehe. I take it you're from the magician forest just yonder? Marisa's told me about you, she's your mentor, correct? I could give you a tour 'round this place if you need one."
"Nice to meet you both. I'm (MC NAME). Yeah, I'm her apprentice, moved in the forest several months ago. I would gladly accept a tour."
You and Flandre exchange a handshake and you could feel a slight heat in her hand.
"After class, then." (Flan)
"Berigoo!"[^5] (Koi)

(Something tells you that Flandre shouldn't be messed with. You can feel an almost *destructive* aura emanating from her.)
***
##### Class Introduction
After a minute, a pretty woman with long purple hair, dressed in a pinkish white robe and a mob cap, walks into class and places her things on the teacher's desk.
"Alright Class, welcome to Scarlet High. I shall be your homeroom teacher for the year and I will also teach you Magic and Literature. My name is Ms Knowledge."
She writes her name and surname on the board.
You could hear your classmates holding in a laugh.
"Pretty fitting name for an unc nose-deep in her books for a hundred years," Flandre interrupts.
Suddenly the entire class bursts into giggles.
"Hey, what's so funny? You're one to talk, you have 5 centuries to your name. The real 'unc' or whatever they call them these days is you and your sister. Apologies, Remilia."
Remi: "Oh no, it's fine. It is true."
Patch, mumbling sarcastically: "We're off to a _great_ start."
"Anyway, It's not like I need most of your self-introductions; I mean, I've been living in the same area as most of you for centuries. But for the sake of the new ones here, let's get it over with, shall we?"
Flandre raises her hand frantically in the air: "Oh, oh! Knowledge! Me first please!"
"Fine, let's start with the brattiest of them all."

"Flandre Scarlet. I reside in the depths of this mansion, always looking for stuff to let out all my vampiric energy on. Till late I've been catching up to the latest human brainrot of the Outside. I thought that Ronald McDonald was insane back in the day, but *oh ho* was I wrong."

"I suppose I'm next. Good morning everyone. I'm Remilia Scarlet, but that's Mistress Scarlet to you, *fufufu*. You may see me as a student, but I am also the owner of this entire school. If any humans want to donate their blood to me as rent, I would be more than willing to accept their offer. You may come to my office upstairs outside of school hours."

"Human blood, is that so? Sounds tasty, but I prefer flesh and bone. I'm Rumia by the way. I don't see the point in studying, I mean, just hunt some good prey right? But when I heard that they give cafeteria food for free, I had all the reason to come here (*cartoonish meat sticks in her eyes, wipes drool off her mouth*). Oh, don't worry by the way, my appetite is not on you humans right now."

"(*talking timidly*) G- good morning. I'm Daiyousei, but you can call me Dai. I'm the greater fairy who leads the fairies of the Misty Lake, together with my fairy fr- friend Cirno. My head is a bit misty but I hope we can have a fun year!"

Cirno: "That brings us to me." (*stands on chair, hands on hips*)
Patch: "Hey, get down from there-"
Cirno: "But Eye gotta show to everyone who I am! I am Cirno, the strongest fairy of Gensokyo as you all know. Here Eye shall show you that I am the smartest as well! Together with Dai-chan, Roomie, and Wriggle in the other class, we form Team ⑨. History? Magic? *Math?* Bring it on!"
Awkward silence fills the room until Rumia and Dai cheer for her.
Cirno sits back to her place.

"Name's Marisa, Marisa Kirisame. Human magician, like to experiment with herbs and mixtures, show off my lasers, solve Gensokyo's incidents with my trusty shrine maiden friend. I like to read alot ze, Patchouli has quite the collection in fact, I can tell ya that! Delighted that the library's open to all now ze."
Patch: "I'll have you know there are limits to how many books you can take at a time. She is right though, anyone is free to visit the library during recess, we're holding a Book Club there too. Koakuma will be there on my behalf when I'm not there."

"Alice Margatroid. "
***
##### KoiFlan's School Tour

***
##### Pet Club Visit *(Might be moved to another episode)*
Later in class you notice that that same girl you bumped into this morning is almost always by herself and it makes you wonder why people avoid her.

One day you're walking around the corridor bored and looking for a club to join, when you hear angry bird and cat noises coming from a brightly lit clubroom.
**クエー!!** (CAW!!)
**ニャア!!** (MREEOOW!!)
You look into the door window.
The club looks devoid of members except for some animals. It's just that girl looking depressed with her pet cat and raven who are seemingly fired up about something. And a spider jumping, sealed in a terrarium.
You hear her sigh to the animals, "It's useless, my reputation is ruined forever," with her head in her hands.
You slide the door open, "Sorry for interrupting, but is there something wrong?"
"It's nothing, don't worry."
You turn around a bit to put your hand on the sliding door, ready to leave, but before that you ask: "I know it's not my business, but while i was passing by I heard you saying something about your reputation. Sorry to hear that..? But how did you anger these animals?"
She looks at you with a sad look in her eyes and says "My pets are telling me to be more sociable."
"Wow, you can talk to animals, that's cool. Go on."
"There are rumors going on that I can read people's minds and many people are put off by it."
"But youkai have all sorts of abilities, right? So what sets you apart?" you ask.
"I freak people out because I can see their deepest, darkest thoughts... You're afraid too, right?"
"...Well.. it's certainly a curious ability, but my family has dealt with a lot of youkai so I can't say I'm *that* surprised."
"Acting tough are we?"
She smirks cheekily as you feel a bit embarassed.
"In all seriousness, I appreciate your concern for me though."
You see her Third Eye wink (or blink?) at you for a second.
"I can see that you _probably_ don't have ill intentions. I do have friends but they're mostly furry, feathery or scaley, as you can see..."
(I could be her friend of skin and hair...)
She looks at you knowingly.
"You're gonna tell me 'I could be your friend of skin and hair!' or something corny like that. *Fufu*, I didn't even need my eye for that."

[[1. Dialogue/0. Prologue\|Previous]]

[^1]: Pun on the S-word and autumn goddess Shizuha; show calendar with the Aki sisters representing Autumn

[^2]: Orin song title reference; show pumped up Orin raising her fist on screen (little image in dialogue box)

[^3]: This girl: referring to Flandre

[^4]: Reference to Ronald McDonald Insanity

[^5]: "Berigoo!": Koishi catchphrase made by Numenoko